Fix error handling in learning rate finder (#13845)
Lightning-AI/lightning: src/pytorch_lightning/CHANGELOG.md

- Fixed main progress bar counter when `val_check_interval=int` and `check_val_every_n_epoch=None` ([#12832](https://github.com/Lightning-AI/lightning/pull/12832)

> - Used `global_step` while restoring logging step for old checkpoints ([#13645](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/13645))
> 
> 
> - Fixed error handling in learning rate finder when not enough data points are available to give a good suggestion ([#13845](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/13845))
> 
> 
> - Fixed an issue that caused the learning rate finder to set the model's learning rate to None when no suggestion was possible ([#13845](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/13845))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Used `global_step` while restoring logging step for old checkpoints ([#13645](https://github.com/Lightning-AI/lightning/pull/13645))

- Fixed error handling in learning rate finder when not enough data points are available to give a good suggestion ([#13845](https://github.com/Lightning-AI/lightning/pull/13845))

- Fixed an issue that caused the learning rate finder to set the model's learning rate to None when no suggestion was possible ([#13845](https://github.com/Lightning-AI/lightning/pull/13845))
```
